You've now got some scaffold put together for our moderation service.
So now we need to go round to all three of these different services and make a couple of changes to
each ones.
In some cases, we need to tweak an event that already exists, and in some cases we need to add in
a new event.
We're going to go through the step by step and kind of follow the actual workflow of a user submitting
a comment.
So let's think about what happens when a user submits a comment.
Remember, right now we persist a new comment inside of our common service.
At present we are just storing that comments, ID and content.
We probably also want to store that comments status as well, whether it is pending, moderation, approved
or rejected.
So as soon as the user submits a comment, we need to make sure that we store, in addition to everything
else, a status of pending to say this comment is still awaiting moderation.
Let's open up our code editor right now.
We're going to find our common service and make that change right away.
So I'm going to go back over to my editor.
I'll find my comment service.
Inside there is my index file.
I'll then go down to where we create a new comment inside this post request handler right here.
So let's read through this code really quickly and just get a quick reminder of what's going on.
We generate the random ID, we get the content of the comment.
We then get the list of comments that already exist that is associated with the given post.
And then right here is where we create the actual comment itself.
So this object, that is the comment.
So we want to add into that object this new status property and by default it should always be pending.
So inside that object, I'll add in a new property of pending or submit status.
That's better.
Of pending like so.
Okay.
So that's step one.
Let's go backward to our diagram and figure out what to do next.
So step number two, remember, whenever this or whenever we create a new comment, we then immediately
emit a new event.
And that event is the comment created event.
That's going to go into our event bus and then get sent over to both the moderation service.
And the query service.
Remember that we are sending it over to the query service so that the query service can immediately
store that comment.
And the entire idea there was that we want to make sure the query service as soon as possible had a
copy of that comment so that if a user refreshed this page after adding a new comment, they could immediately
see it on the screen as opposed to waiting for some moderation event coming out of the moderation service.
So we need to open up our query service now and we need to make sure that when we send over that event.
We take off the status property from the event and save it inside the query service as well.
We also need to make sure that the event itself also includes that status property.
So let's go to our comment service first.
Here is where we were just looking at a moment ago.
This is where we create the comment created event.
Right now, it does not reflect the status of the comment.
So let's add in that status right now in the data property, I'll add in status of pending.
So now when this event goes over to our query service, the query service is going to understand, okay,
a comment was created and its status is pending.
So now we can go and open up our query service.
We're going to make sure that when receives this event, it persists.
That little extra piece of information that we are now adding in of status pending.
So I will now go over to my query service.
Here's the index file inside there.
I'll go down to our code where we are handling a comment created event.
So we're going to pull off that new status property that we just added in.
And we'll make sure that when we add in this comment to our array of comments, we also persist the
status flag as well.
Like so.
Okay.
That looks good.
All right.
So that gets us up to this point in time.
So now the next thing we need to do is make sure that we also handle this content creation inside the
moderation service.
Remember that the entire goal here is to actually look at that content property inside that event and
see if it has the word orange or not.
If it has the word orange, then we're going to emit comment moderated with a status of rejected.
Otherwise we'll emit comment moderated with the status of approved.
Let's take a quick pause right here, however, and then continue with the moderation service in just
a moment.